DOC-790 | Importer & Retriever: Update startup parameters (#809)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/ai-suite/reference/retriever.md

## Overview

The Retriever service provides intelligent search and retrieval from knowledge graphs,
with multiple search methods optimized for different query types. The service supports 

> both private (Triton Inference Server) and public (any OpenAI-compatible API) LLM 

Reviewer: A corporate LLM isn't necessarily public. We've done projects with customers where we have been using their private LLMs via an OpenAI-compatible API.

Thus, the distinction private-Triton vs. public-OpenAI-compatible is false. OpenAI-compatible can be private.

- **Map-Reduce Processing**:
  - **Map Stage**: Processes community reports in parallel, generating intermediate responses with rated points.
  - **Reduce Stage**: Aggregates the most important points to create a comprehensive final response.

```json
{
  "query_type": "GLOBAL"
}
```

### Local Search

Local search focuses on specific entities and their relationships within your knowledge graph. It is ideal for detailed queries about particular concepts, entities, or relationships.

- **Entity Identification**: Identifies relevant entities from the knowledge graph based on the query.
- **Context Gathering**: Collects:
  - Related text chunks from original documents.
  - Connected entities and their strongest relationships.
  - Entity descriptions and attributes.
  - Context from the community each entity belongs to.
- **Prioritized Response**: Generates a response using the most relevant gathered information.

```json
{
  "query_type": "LOCAL",
  "use_llm_planner": false
}
```

## Installation

The Retriever service can be configured to use either the Triton Inference Server

> (for private LLM deployments) or any OpenAI-compatible API (for public LLM deployments), 

Reviewer: false private Triton/public OpenAI-compatible dichotomy

    "query_type": "UNIFIED",
    "provider": 0,
    "include_metadata": true
  }'
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Deep Search" >}}

```bash
curl -X POST /v1/graphrag-query \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "query": "What are the properties of a specific entity?",
    "query_type": "LOCAL",
    "use_llm_planner": true,
    "provider": 0,
    "include_metadata": true
  }'
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Global Search" >}}

```bash
curl -X POST /v1/graphrag-query \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "query": "What are the main themes discussed in the document?",
    "query_type": "GLOBAL",
    "level": 1,
    "provider": 0,
    "include_metadata": true
  }'
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Local Search" >}}

```bash
curl -X POST /v1/graphrag-query \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "query": "What is the AR3 Drone?",
    "query_type": "LOCAL",
    "use_llm_planner": false,
    "provider": 0,
    "include_metadata": true
  }'
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

### Request Parameters

- `query`: Your search query text (required).

- `query_type`: The type of search to perform.
  - `GLOBAL` or `1`: Global Search (default if not specified).

>   - `LOCAL` or `2`: Deep Search when used with LLM planner, or standard Local Search without the planner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `LOCAL` or `2`: Deep Search when used with LLM planner (default), or standard Local Search when llm_planner is explicitly set to false.
```
